Dynamic LuCI and ns-ui port configuration (#143)
NethServer/nethsecurity: packages/ns-ui/README.md

# ns-ui

ns-ui is the stand-alone UI (User Interface) built from [NethSecurity controller](https://github.com/NethServer/nethsecurity-controller).

## Management UI

> As default, the ns-ui management UI along with LuCi are available on standard HTTPS port 443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the ns-ui management UI along with LuCI is available on standard HTTPS port 443.
```

at the following URL:
- ns-ui: `/`

> - LuCi: `/cgi-bin/luci`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LuCI: `/cgi-bin/luci`
```

You can:
- selectively disable or enable both UIs
- add an extra ns-ui instance on a different port

Example: disable both UIs on port 443, enable ns-ui only port 9090:
```
uci set ns-ui.config.nsui_extra_enable=1
uci set ns-ui.config.nsui_extra_port=9090
uci set ns-ui.config.nsui_enable=0
uci set ns-ui.config.luci_enable=0
uci commit ns-ui
ns-ui
```

## Configuration

The package provides a configuration named `/etc/config/ns-ui`.
It must contain a section named `config` of type `main`.

Database example:
```
config main 'config'
	option luci_enable '1'
	option nsui_enable '1'
	option nsui_extra_port '9090'
	option nsui_extra_enable '0'
```

Available options:

> - `luci_enable`: it can be `0` or `1`; if set to `1` LuCi is enabled on port 443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `luci_enable`: it can be `0` or `1`; if set to `1` LuCI is enabled on port 443
```
